Te gustaria
aprender to code the fun way by making computer games?! My name is Ben Tristem, I'm the
co-author of Sam's Teach Yourself Unity Game Development in 24 Hours, the 2nd Edition,
and this course if the result of a Kickstarter that funded over
1,000%! We're going to be teaching you to make games in Unity 4.6
and then later in the course in the brand new Unity 5. And we're going to be teaching
that in C#. C# is not only the most widely
supported language for Unity, but also, it's a fantastic industry standard
language, that has incredibly transferable skill. Whether you decide afterwards to make
computer games or go into .net programming, you'll be very well served with C#.
So, how do we do this? We start you off by helping you
to do something called "Eating the Frog", that is doing the thing that we find most people try and
avoid in Unity, which is scripting. So we won't let you do that, the first thing you do is learn to script in a game called Number Wizard,
a simple guess the number game. Moving on from there, remember those text
adventures you played as a kid, where you go through the book and you can choose your path? Well, we're going to make a
simple text adventure called Text 101, and then, you're going to be able to share it with the world,
using our free service to our students called Game Bucket. Moving on from Text 101, we're going to go into something
called Block Breaker. Now, Block Breaker is an Archinoid bat and ball clone, where you're bouncing off the blocks up the screen.
There you're going to learn a lot more about 2D physics, about creating menu
systems, and music for your game, and again, you'll share it with the world. From there,
with my co-instructor Brice, you'll go into understanding animations
in Laser Defender, a simple but elegant Space Invaders
clone. From there, we'll go on to Glitch Garden! Now, this is a Plant's
vs. Zombies clone, where you're going to learn even more about animation and animation state
machines and also how to handle a much more complex game with a lot more things
going on. Multiple enemy types, multiple defenses, for example.
So from there, we're going to go onto Bowl Master! Now this is where we upgrade you to Unity
5, if you haven't done so already. We teach you about 3D physics and
3D graphics, and we also teach you an amazingly useful skill for
professional development called Test Driven Development! And that is going
to serve you very well in the marketplace or when you create your own games.
So going on from there, we're going to go into Zombie Runner! This is a 3D
game, a first person game, with a open world, simple open
world and AI pathfinding, where the enemies work their way to
you and lots of other features that you're going to need to give you the groundwork for a first person
shooter! Then, we create a simple sandbox called Twin Stick 2.5D,
which shows you the elements you'll need to make a 3D world
but a game that has all its movement constrained to 2 dimensions,
so you can create the next killer version of Donkey Kong, for example. And
finally, a section that's being built right now is Ahoy Matey! It's a real-
time multiplayer game, where you'll learn over the network multiplayer
game mechanics. So, it's a fantastic time to learn to code and what better
way then to learn through making computer games, so please take this course now!